The schedule for 60 minutes next is going on French, British, Italian, Japanese television.
People everywhere are starting to listen to him, it's embarrassing.
Test 1-2, testing 1-2, test 1-2, I got a heater on in the background, that'll be
off in a few, test 1-2, testing 1-2, test, testing, oh, blowing, blowing, blowing.
Test 1-2, test, testing 1-2, test, testing 1-2, test, testing 1-2, test, testing 1-2, test,
testing 1-2, test, testing 1-2, test, testing 1-2, test, testing 1-2, test, testing 1-2, test,
testing 1-2, test, testing 1-2, test, testing 1-2, test, testing 1-2, test, testing 1-2,
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the show.
This is Gigel, biological, a high resistance, low noise,
information brief brought to you by a biologist.
It's the 25th of November, 2023,
coming to you live from the back of my garage in Pittsburgh.
My name is Jonathan Cooey in case I didn't just say that.
I was a patch clamp physiologist back in the day
of my academic career that is in vitro work,
but it combined a lot of in vivo manipulations
of the animals to get the microcircuit
to maybe make a change before we measured it.
I did it with multiple electrodes.
I used transfection to use optogenetics
as a way of manipulating and controlling neuronal behavior
and even genetically selected subgroups of neurons.
You can find that work under COUI-JJ on PubMed,
and that's where this GigaOM biological comes from
is the seal, the electrical seal that we use
to make these recordings is of the GigaOM level of resistance
and that gives it a very high resistance,
but also a very, very low noise recording,
and that's what allows you to get these really pretty
little signals here where you can see
the individual connections between individual neurons
where one is firing off action potentials
and releasing neurotransmitter onto the receiving neuron.
Anyway, we're trying to break this illusion of consensus,
this Scooby-Doo where we've been led to believe
that we've got to solve the mystery of the novel virus
that killed millions of people and that millions more
were saved from.
We've got to solve the mystery of gain of function
and whether that was the source of this virus.
And certainly by solving that mystery,
we've also convinced ourselves that a gain of function virus
could definitely come in the future.
And so by being tricked into solving their mystery,
we've also assumed and accepted the existence
of all of their monsters.
That's really the pretense here.
We've accepted the possibility of pandemics
coming from bad caves, coming from passage in cell culture,
passage in animals, especially those that are humanized.
And then we've also accepted the idea
that they can stitch these things together
and get lucky and create a nuclear bomb in a dish.
And the reason why they're trying to teach us
this immunology so, so desperately want us
to believe this immunology, immunomythology,
is that they want us to surrender
our individual sovereignty and invert human rights
to permissions.
They want to do it with this illusion of consensus
that the worst case scenario of a global laboratory,
sorry, a gain of function laboratory bio-weapon,
is something that's much more dangerous
than a nuclear weapon.
And we've heard that theme and not repeated a number
of times over the last couple years
as the slow role of this scooby-doo has gone on
and the mystery has slowly been solved
by the skilled TV watchers and by the ladies on the view.
And that's what this new world order is, right?
It's tricking people into believing
that they're experiencing something
and therefore they can't even see the cage they're in
because they actually walk themselves right into it.
They convince themselves that, wow,
I really caught Fauci and a Lyle.
Oh, I really caught Rand Paul exaggerating.
Oh, I really caught them trying
to turn good science into bad lies.
And depending on what side of the aisle you're on,
you just have this certainty of the opinion that you have
and it has all been bamboozled into them.
But it's much harder to convince people
that they've been fooled than to fool them in the first place.
And that's why this illusion of consensus is so damning to us,
why it's so hard for people to get out.
And that's what also I think is the reason why I'm starting
to harp on these different ideas,
trying to think of it as a card game
and that there's a fine line between an announcement
and a warning.
And I'm starting to see a theme in a lot
of our dissidents on our side
where it feels as though they're already trying
to get us to give up,
already trying to say don't fight for America anymore.
Don't think that you can turn this train around.
You're just gonna have to jump off before it's too late.
Get ready to bug out, you know,
buy a farm in the country if you can afford it.
And otherwise, you know, what can you really do?
Maybe make a network of people
that trades in pharmaceuticals
in the black market or something, I guess?
I don't know.
I mean, what's their real plan?
What's the real solution?
I don't really hear any.
I just hear people saying, well, you know,
everything's screwed up.
So it's okay if it all falls apart, we'll be all right.
We have a lousy society.
Our children have been taught all the wrong values.
It's gonna be okay that it all comes apart.
Imagine that that's one of the leaders on our side right now,
one of the spokespersons of our dissident movement.
I don't think that's really mischaracterizing
what she's, what was said.
I mean, that is exactly what was said
and not in the context of lament or like, you know,
this is just the way it is.
I'm not prepared to give up yet.
And so then we look back in time to 1985 on Phil Donahue
where they were fighting this exact fight right now,
exactly as we are now, one year before the Vaccine Act was passed.
We fast forward to 2021 and we saw Zeb Zalenko
succinctly describe how the immune response
to all single-stranded RNA viruses is united
by common mechanisms,
which in a way are the first line of defense,
cellular defense against general vaccine,
general viral infection, whatever it is,
general RNA contamination, whatever it is.
And so you don't have to take a side
on exactly what virology is and is not,
what papers are actually real and not real.
It is well known that we have a variety of cellular
and extracellular mechanisms that are designed to cope
with this idea that there's genetic noise out there.
And I assure you that those systems,
even if they're not very well characterized,
are very robust.
And so the story that they've told us
of this extreme vulnerability that we have to RNAs
that are coded in lipoprotein
that are floating around in our environment
is really, it is absurd.
And that's why there are so many common ways
with which to sort of optimize or fortify
your body's immune response to these signals,
whatever they are, they're not patterned integrities.
They're not life forms.
So you wanna argue about whether there are viruses
or not, let's just have some common agreement here.
They're not, they don't qualify as species.
They don't exhibit homeostasis.
They don't do these things.
So to call them a pathogen or anything else
is just, it's attributing and using concepts
that only apply to patterned integrities
and their interaction with one another and the environment.
Then you can't apply it to a chemical surrounded
in other chemicals, because that's not the sum of us.
We're not just chemicals surrounded by other chemicals
or we wouldn't be what we are.
We don't really understand fully how it is
that we manifest as patterned integrities as we do.
That's the issue here.
People think that just because they haven't read
enough biology books, they're not aware
of exactly how everything works.
But everybody knows, or somebody knows how everything works.
That's not true at all.
Not even remotely close in any system.
And so we told this story yesterday.
People really wanted me to hone on this again
and try to be a little bit more precise.
And so I first tried to let Mike Eden speak
by giving him, giving you a recording
from a previous time where he definitively stated,
clearly stated that he thinks
that this was definitely planned,
that the shots are nasty
and they've got a number of nasty things built into them
and that he doesn't see anything coming that's good,
including these IDs and including
these central bank digital currencies.
And these are all gonna be things for ultimate control.
And so he thinks that we all have to check out
and definitely not go along with it.
Do not comply.
And in general, I agree with these sentiments.
I'm not really sure there are so many people
who could necessarily just check out to an island
or put a bunch of gold in a box in a few different houses
and then hope that they can fly one last time
and wait out the apocalypse
or wait out the zombies or whatever.
And so for those of us who are renting our house
and are in a semi-urban area,
I think the only thing to do
at some point is going to be to organize.
Very locally and then more locally,
but I think you gotta know your neighbors again,
ladies and gentlemen.
I think you gotta start to approach it from the ground up
because when the electricity goes off,
when the cell phone towers go down
because there was some big solar storm
or whatever it is, the poles are reversing.
And you're gonna wanna know who lives in those houses
and you're already gonna wanna know
that you don't have to knock on the door and terrify them,
that if you knock on the door,
it's gonna open, they're gonna pull you in.
And so I wanna be very clear what I said here
about what happened.
First, we looked at this video and we pointed out
that this is indeed Dr. Mike Eden here that's on the screen.
We went back and forth through this video
and we really couldn't find any place where he was.
There was no really super clear edit,
but we listened to this, whoops.
We listened to this video.
And...
I don't speak German.
My wife doesn't speak German.
As best we can tell, we can't really decide.
And it's pretty obvious that he's not talking
to Mike Eden in general.
He didn't say that Mike Eden's wrong or anything like that.
And I didn't say that yesterday either.
But what he does say is that this is a spontaneous phenomenon
and that it doesn't have to be planned.
And that's not necessarily anything
that we need to argue about right now with respect to Sukhrit.
Sukhrit was almost put in jail and accused of treason.
I'm not really sure that he's the guy
who necessarily needs to be standing up in front of everybody
at a political meeting saying the absolute
I mean, he's already brought this political party
quite far forward.
I'm not making any excuses for him.
I'm more suggesting that from the perspective of free speech
and what AFD should be standing for over there in Germany
as it's far right, conservative, whatever,
I would suspect that on many other issues,
free speech would be something that they would use.
I think it was Christine Anderson
who stood in front of the cameras
that were supposedly at the European Parliament
and said that she was born free.
I don't need anybody to tell me that I'm free.
I was born free.
And so it's, I would really, really like it
if Michael Eden's words were not removed from this video.
But I'm not really sure that we should use it as a way
of judging who, well, for sure not judging who Sucred is
because Sucred was speaking out about how the clot shot,
how the antibodies, how the neutrophils,
how the endothelial cells are gonna be broken down
when they get transfected
and what are the possible calamities
that occur upon second transfection and third transfection.
And he's some kind of virologist,
some kind of molecular biologist.
So he's also kind of intellectually embedded in the dogma.
And so for him to, he is going to be very sensitive
to the idea that there's no virus
and that he's been already attacked
by the no virus people several times.
And what does that do?
This is the home run that I would like to hit tonight
and then go to bed.
This is the perfect example
of what the no virus people have accomplished in their
relentless badgering of people behind the scenes.
They did the same thing to Bobby and CHD
by sending emails to everybody that they could,
Mary Holland, Bobby, Merrill, I guess Brian Hooker,
when I joined and they found out
that I had written some kind of response
or helped them write a response to the no virus people,
then they started sending all kinds of emails about me.
And what it does is that it drives people
into this very non-intellectual defensive position
where they're just like, man,
just go away with your no virus thing.
And so all of a sudden, over the last, all of a sudden,
over the last two years,
with a combination of those people sticking right to that line
of do you believe in the purification
and isolation of coronaviruses or viruses in general
and always forcing people to open with that,
always forcing people to open with that.
Not how did you get here?
Why were you afraid?
Why didn't you believe?
Why do you think this is a bad thing?
What do we have in common?
No, no, no.
There's only one question to cross this bridge
and the little troll underneath says,
do you believe in viruses?
And so what that created was this intellectual block,
this intellectual sort of third rail
where anybody ever gets this whiff of,
oh, is this a no virus person?
Do you hear me saying it?
That's how effective this whole operation was
because they've created this whole little intellectual
sort of no-go zone, which unfortunately,
because of the way it has been executed
over the last three years,
it has spill over into what I would call very fair play
intellectual areas, intellectual spaces
that include infectious clones,
whether they spread or not,
that include transfection,
that include transfectious agents,
that include all of these sort of biologics
that don't necessarily have to be self-replicating,
self-obligated self-replicating pathogens,
which is of course what I'm trying to get more precise with
when I say that viruses are not patterned integrities,
but even that's what they're saying
when they say that our viruses are supposed to be
obligate pathogens that can't replicate on their own.
And so they are questioning the same thing,
but they aren't questioning in a precise way
that allows this conversation to go forward.
It's always isolation, it's always purification.
And then it's like, yeah, and we have all these foyas
where we ask people for isolation and purification,
they say they don't have any proof of it.
And so it's around in circles all the time.
And so then when somebody like Sucret
has encountered that four or five times,
then when you hear it from another perspective
like there's no evidence of spread,
it's almost like you can't hear it correctly
because you are allergic to the idea
that there was no virus, no spread.
That sounds like no virus.
Whoa, I'm not one of those guys.
And that's indeed what they tried to do to those of us
who were legitimately trying to understand
what infectious clones were
and how this revelation of understanding
what infectious clones were to the whole study
of coronavirus, what does that mean
from the perspective of a natural RNA phenomenon
being able to pandemic?
Essentially a natural RNA phenomenon
being able to a pandemic is attributing
a property of high fidelity replication
and homeostasis despite not being able to do it itself,
despite not having any of its own enzymes,
despite it just being a molecule
inside of a few other molecules.
No energy, no, you see?
And so we just were tricked into attributing
what is most certainly a phenomenon
that would only be possible with a pattern integrity
and then limited by the biological attributes
of that pattern integrity.
But instead we've been told this story
that this combination of molecules is capable of a feat
of biological fidelity that no other pattern integrity
on earth would be capable of.
I mean, think about an insect, for example,
being able to travel around the world in three years
and be in every place in the world.
How would that be possible?
What insect could do that?
Even if it was an indoor insect
and it got in in your shoes and in your socks
and every, and it was super contagious,
how in the world would it,
would an insect manage to go from even on an airplane?
But now we're talking about a molecule
that can't copy itself, has none of its own enzymes,
has no energy,
no reserves,
but it's just like a dead leaf
that it rolls into your door
and then outroles bags and bags of leaves
and those leaves if they roll into other people's houses
then they roll right out with more bags and bags of leaves
and somehow those bags of leaves
have blown all over the world
and everybody's got leaves in their house now.
What pattern integrity is it possible to do that with?
Ladies and gentlemen, think about that.
Talk about unprecedented.
This is where we need to get,
this is where we need to get
because this is where, again, people like Sukhrit
can just keep walking.
Nope, sorry Sukhrit,
you're just not out of the cave yet.
You just gotta keep coming, follow my voice.
That's all we are.
These people have been so deep, we,
we're so deep in the cave
that when you get closer to the final anti-chambers,
there's already so much light there
that it feels like they're already almost outside,
they can't believe it, they're like shocked, wow.
I can't believe I thought that way back there,
miles deep was reality.
Now it smells different up here
and there's water dripping and I think that's light up there.
I feel a breeze.
That's all this is.
And we can get through this.
We definitely can get through this.
Oh my gosh, stop it, stop it, stop it, stop it.
Wow, what is that?
That's the ball of sea, that ball of sea.
That ball of sea is broken.
And there, that's terrible.
I wanna just switch over here.
Why did it do that?
Is that really gonna do it again?
Please tell me it's not.
Yeah, everybody's awake now.
Sorry about that.
That was really my bad.
So this is a letter that was posted on Michael Yedens Telegram a day ago.
And so it wasn't an email to me,
it was an email to all of his fans or all of his telegram, I believe.
I have mentioned that I have been invited to address
a sizable gathering in the German Parliament a couple of weekends ago.
A lengthy session arranged by the party of the admirably feisty MEP,
Christine Anderson of the AFD.
They have something like 82 members of Parliament,
mostly in the former East.
And nine MEPs, not too shabby.
I was promised an audience of 90 elected representatives
and 200 EGLE officials, together possessing a veritable alternative network
that does not rely on mainstream media for its communication.
They realized early that they were never going to get a fair shake by their media,
so they decided not to try and pretend to be like the other parties
and simply represent with those with no voice.
Admirable stuff.
So persuaded it was worth a shot.
I prepared a short talk.
I was surprised to find that I had the last slot.
And looking at the people and topics, I thought,
wow, I've got a chance to really get an impact.
I simplified and focused on the alleged vaccines,
how there could never have been sufficient time to have done what was claimed.
That even if the narrative was true, virtually nobody would benefit from it
because they're not at risk.
That pregnant women have for 60 years never been exposed to new medicines,
not even once fully approved.
Then I described rational drug design in my career using it.
The off a conclusion that toxicity was built into these agents,
five discrete mechanisms of toxicity.
By the way, our molecular biology experts find an additional handful of mechanisms
of harm to do with nuclear entry.
All superfluous, excuse me, to the notional purpose.
So what he means there, as far as I can understand,
is that the latest list of or the latest alarm about certain contaminants
in the vaccines having to do with nuclear entry and nuclear transport
are superfluous to the notional purpose, the idea of, again,
what they were originally designed to do,
how they were originally designed, is already nasty,
which is exactly what I've also been saying here on GIGO and biological
for quite some time, so high five to Mr. Sparkle.
The conclusion is that we are under intense attack,
that we can repel these evil people by sufficient of us simply refusing
to comply with the campaign of fear.
The economy may be decimated in whatever is coming,
but that we can recover as free individuals.
After I'd finished, there was a strange noise.
It was the usual polite applause, but a roar that simply,
OK, I think he meant it wasn't the usual polite applause,
but a roar that simply, whoops, what's that, that did not stop.
I switched the camera view on my screen.
The whole place was on its feet.
They were clapping like mad and went on for an embarrassing two to three minutes.
And gratified, I mumbled thanks for the opportunity to speak to them
and end of the link.
I learned yesterday that dissenting voices in AFD had decided my opinions were too extreme,
and they've excised my presentation.
So here you go.
If anyone knows, connected, whatever's going on there,
we'd love to hear a perspective from the inside best wishes.
Mike, someone a legend that there had been a problem with the sound.
I don't believe that for a moment.
So this really, I think, is a good way to summarize also
what I've been trying to point out within this stream.
And that is that I don't think by any stretch of the imagination
that this is secret.
This is definitely not secret.
What this is, is a political party and operatives within it,
controlling a narrative.
And it might not even, if I'm sure it's not all that party,
I'm sure there are lots of people who were clapping and cheering.
And that round of applause, I'm sure, was real.
But how many people really need to be in there to call attention to this,
to say that they don't want this, they don't want attention for this,
that they're already making, I mean, Germany went off the deep end.
These people lost their mind there.
So if they've got some kind of foothold, they were making some progress,
maybe they have to be careful.
I don't know.
Like I said, I don't speak German.
I'm not following what's going on over there, but that was a mad house.
I mean, they have some kind of special interest in Vera Sharav right now for some reason.
So the Germans are in deep trouble from a democratic crisis perspective.
You know, their government is very heavy-handed,
and you would have thought that their history might have left them
with more trepidation with regards to this type of governance,
but apparently not.
So that's really what I wanted to clear up from yesterday.
I just want to be sure that it's clear that I'm still just trying to sort this out.
And I don't, I don't, I am not going to stop sorting this out
because I think it's really vital work.
I know that not everybody likes it when I'm doing it and gets tired of me doing it.
But I think it's really important and a number of these people,
if we just look at this idea of what I believe we're trying to break,
what I believe we're trying to break is this spontaneous,
whitting and unwittingly generated consensus
that everybody just doesn't speak all the time, that there was a novel virus,
the consensus that a millions of people died from it,
the consensus that millions more were saved from it.
And whether you believe that it was Ibermectin and hydroxychloroquine
that saved people or whether you believe that it was the lockdowns and masks
and social distancing and closing down schools that saved people,
whether you think the vaccine saved people
or whether you think that speaking out against the vaccines has saved people.
This is all part of the show because in the end, the debate is right here.
And I'm frustrated at how many people that are on our side
say that they are on our side fighting for the average Joe
are not questioning these things and definitely not questioning that this will happen again.
And it's usually the existence of gain of function
that is used to tell the story, used to manifest that the virus will come again.
And that's what frustrate that's the most crucial thread to understand about all of these people
is that what they really share in common is this belief that nasty gain of function,
nuclear weapon plus viruses can be created in laboratories.
Even if this wasn't one of them, they definitely can do it.
And there's nobody on this on this circle that would disagree with them.
Nobody. And that to me is the big one.
That's the one that arguing about the conflated background signal
could allow for there to be viruses going around or signals going around.
And so there could a lot of be gray areas there,
but there's no gray area about gain of function in coronaviruses.
There's no gray area.
And so I really find it intriguing who these people are in the middle there.
Mark Koolack, Nick Hudson, Denny Rancor, Thomas Binder, Peter McCullough, Jonathan Engler,
Jessica Hockett, and Martin Neal.
I don't have too many more people to put in the middle because there aren't very many other people with the
stance that they are questioning that central faith, especially the dogma of gain of function
research and the idea that an RNA molecule coated in lipoprotein is capable of doing something
that heretofore we thought only a pattern integrity could do and then not nearly as fast and as
encompassing as this RNA molecule in a lipid lipoprotein coat seems to have done.
Now the goal was to convert this graph, this many multi-year pattern of seasonal
death, this multi-year pattern, this is just from 2014, it goes much farther back than that.
This multi-year pattern here of pneumonia deaths where so many thousand people died
every year until BABAM in 2020 that all changed.
And then they want to explain it and everybody that believes in the mystery virus and the gain
of function virus believes that this is the mystery virus, these excess deaths.
And for some reason, all of these people are just not interested in the do not resuscitate
orders in New York City. The 20,000 people that died in about three and a half weeks in New York
City ventilators all around the world and in the United States, especially to stop the spread of
a virus. The absolute disuse of antibiotics because viral pneumonia doesn't respond to it,
it's just absurd. The poor use of steroids, the introduction of remdesivir as a standard
treatment, many places including Canada may still be using it, homodazolam in the UK.
Opioid deaths in America are a source of extra deaths in all age groups, especially those middle
age groups and young age groups and these under financial incentives were definitely roped in.
And more importantly, if you show this graph with the light blue, you can't, you don't see
a 40% rise in opioid deaths. You don't see a hundred thousand opioid deaths a year and a hundred
thousand opioid deaths here, you don't see them. And so they can shuffle those numbers around,
you can't shuffle numbers around that aren't extra. If no more people are dying from car accidents
then shuffling them around and calling them COVID is not going to make this graph go up
and have excess deaths like this ventilators do not resuscitate orders that will make
the excess deaths go up. Lack of antibiotics use will make the excess
desk go up remdesivir. These will make the excess desk go up. Opioid deaths will make the excess
deaths go up and that certificate fraud. And so that consensus of deciding not to talk about
that stuff, but instead to do exhaustive analysis of VAERS, instead do exhaustive analysis of the
spike protein and all of the magical properties that it has depending on how you analyze it and
what you propose that that analysis reveals endless discussion about the toxicity of the spike protein
and not in respect to the transfection, but in respect to the virus that's still going around
the world now, of course. And all that talk does is the train dance. The pulling and the pushing of
the train is that very thing. Let's argue about the spike protein for two years.
Oops. Did two years go by already? Did all those people take a transfection to that spike protein?
Darn it. I didn't, I didn't know that they would all, they would all just rush and take it because
we were, we just had to figure out how toxic the spike protein to the virus was. We had to,
we had to figure that out because the virus was again a function by a weapon.
But we didn't say that because we didn't, we wanted to scare people, we wanted to warn them.
But none of them talked about the therapeutic that was also putting the spike in.
And the ones that did talked about it too late,
came out too late, like a year too late.
If the vaccine, i.e. the transfection was rolled out in the beginning of 21, and you didn't speak
out until the September, October of 21, he came out too late. And especially, and this is the thing,
if you were talking, and that's the whole point, they were talking, they were talking about all
this stuff. So if you were talking about Ivermectin and hydroxychloroquine and, and prophylactic use
of Ivermectin, and how many shots that people have had, and you weren't just telling people
don't do it, because it's not appropriate for healthy humans, then you came out, you were,
you were doing the push and pull.
That's why we need to do this, because those people are still doing it. Those people are still
doing it. Those people are traveling the world, still doing it. The train pulling and pushing exercise,
because none of them, none of them are saying that there's no evidence of spread. None of them are
saying that there's no evidence of spread. They're ignoring that part. They're ignoring that part,
and they kind of have to, because that means that the toxic spike protein wasn't really spreading
all over the world, because the test said it was. Do you see why that's a great big?
Do you see why they can't really broach this subject?
Because we were talking about a toxic spike protein for almost two years straight.
I got lots of my viewers to support the work of somebody who was talking about only the spike
protein for almost two years straight. But for some reason needed to be prodded all the time and
remind it that dude, that spike protein might not be around anymore except in the shot. You do know
that, right? It should all be coming clearer and clearer every day as we repeat this exercise.
And we're going to keep doing it. Whether anybody likes it or not, I guess just don't subscribe,
don't, don't show up anymore. Because this is the work that needs to be done.
And we're going to keep doing it. I know this wasn't the best study hall, but I really wanted to
clear up the idea that that in 2018, 2019, the earth wasn't clean. There was a background signal
that we had no measurements on. No measurements on because we had no commercial products for,
there was no market demand. Nobody cared, couldn't get a grant for it.
Grant money wasn't even around from the NIH to get large scale surveys of human coronaviruses.
Some people, some niche labs were able to get some money to study coronaviruses in badcaves,
but not everybody could do it. Just a very select few people that got money through
weird channels and weird grant calls.
So it wasn't really a big public health priority. So much so that we had zero surveillance.
And then in 2020, we were told that our surveillance reveals that we're having a pandemic,
that millions of people are being killed, millions of people need saving.
But we have no idea what to do. So we almost crashed and burned,
but it's turned out that this is some kind of gain of function virus likely. And if it wasn't,
well, holy man, we got lucky then and it probably will be next time.
And in this faith, we've defeated epidemics and diseases in the past by using vaccines,
not with nutrition or health or better medicine or antibiotics or sanitation.
None of those things matter. Novel coronaviruses can jump from other species and can pandemic
because that's what RNA wrapped in lipoprotein can do apparently. PCR false positives are rare.
It's really easy to make a product that uses PCR as a diagnostic. That's easy.
It's really easy to make lateral flow tests that work really well and are very specific.
It's easy to make millions of those. Those are, that's no problem.
Millions of some product. It's easy to make millions of some product.
Variants are evidence of both spread and continuing evolution of a single SARS virus.
Can't possibly be a background signal that was always there that they're now just measuring
and then arguing about what order they following. No, no, no, it couldn't be that.
We spend money studying viruses and get a function research. We need it. These are all lies.
These are all lies. These are all mythologies.
Because we don't take flu seriously enough, apparently. They want our children. That's what
they want. They want our children. When do they want them? Now. That's why that's right.
A spectacular commitment to lies, my friends. A spectacular commitment to lies. They do want
to eliminate the control group. So please pay attention to that. I'm going to have some new
programming for you tomorrow. I think I'm not going to rehash like I did tonight, but I just wanted
to hit that quick and get off. It's 45 minutes. 99 people watching. Thank you very much.
Intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting
the immune system is dumb. Transfection and healthy humans is criminally negligent and viruses are
not patterned integrity. I'm going to be doing, I don't know how many lectures on the idea that
viruses aren't patterned integrity and what it means as a way of kind of
buttressing or edifying the farewell to virology of Mark Bailey and also kind of extending it into
what I would consider where it should go instead of just kind of ending with a shoulder shrug.
I still believe that even if that in and of itself is a decent scholarly work without too much
hand waving and it's just a scholarly work that then stops without solving the mystery. So we're
going to solve the real mystery or at least we're going to try and define where that edge of knowledge
really is and then work from there. I really think biology is the way forward and so this has been
very much. I mean it is, viruses don't have a metabolism, viruses can't replicate on their own
viruses, can't heal themselves, viruses can't correct errors and all of these things would
in theory be things that a pattern integrity could do and so they don't take in energy and use it
to make more of themselves and so the idea that something that has no properties of a pattern
integrity but can then hijack other pattern integrity to make high fidelity copies of itself
for three years straight is just not happening. I'm going to have a lot of fun with these lectures
because there are papers and that's the sad part. It just doesn't seem like anybody wants to do
the work so we'll do it. See you guys soon. Thanks for joining me. Bye-bye.